Test rendering object params/properties (#336)
seamapi/docs: docs/api-clients/devices/get.md

<table><thead><tr><th>Parameter</th><th width="112.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>device_id</code></td><td>String<br><em>Required</em></td><td>ID of the desired device</td></tr></tbody></table>

### `device_metadata`

> 
> Type: `object`
> Required: Yes
> 
> Metadata to filter the device on
> 
> <details>
> <summary>has_keypad (bool)</summary>
> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce tempor massa diam, non convallis nisl tempor a.
> </details>
> <details>
> <summary>manufacturer (object)</summary>
> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce tempor massa diam, non convallis nisl tempor a.
> `this is some code`
> </details>
> 
> ### `device_metadata.manufacturer`
> 
> <details>
> <summary>manufacturer_name (string)</summary>
> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce tempor massa diam, non convallis nisl tempor a.
> </details>
> <details>
> <summary>has_locks (bool)</summary>
> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce tempor massa diam, non convallis nisl tempor a.
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Type: `object`
Required: Yes

Metadata to filter the device on

<details>
<summary><code>has_keypad</code> (Boolean)</summary>
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce tempor massa diam, non convallis nisl tempor a.
</details>
<details>
<summary><code>has_keypad</code> (Object)</summary>
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce tempor massa diam, non convallis nisl tempor a.
`this is some code`
</details>

### `device_metadata.manufacturer`

<details>
<summary><code>has_keypad</code> (String)</summary>
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce tempor massa diam, non convallis nisl tempor a.
</details>
<details>
<summary><code>has_keypad</code> (Boolean)</summary>
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce tempor massa diam, non convallis nisl tempor a.
</details>
```
